# Readme

`rtach` is a thin wrapper that simplifies the use of `dtach`.

I like `dtach` because it doesn't get in my way, as `screen` does. However, since I can't have multiple "windows" open in the same session I have to keep track of my session sockets and this quickly gets out of hand.

## Usage

`rtach` keeps track of your sessions, simply run 

    rtach

to see the list of active sessions (if you want to be explicit you can also run `rtach --list`). It makes it easier to attach to a running session, run 

    rtach your-session-name
    
to attach to that session. Finally creating a new session is a breeze, just run 

    rtach your-session-name command-to-run
    
and a new session will be created. That's all there is to it. If you have special needs you'll have to use `dtach` directly, but `rtach` doesn't get in the way of that you can create new sessions with `dtach` and use them with `rtach`, and vice-versa. `rtach` puts session sockets in `/tmp/dtach` -- the sockets are named after the session and gets the suffix ".dtach".

## License

© 2009, Theo Hultberg, All rights reserved

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* Neither the name of the copyright holder, the name of the licensed work, nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

This software is provided by the copyright holders and contributors "as is" and any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. In no event shall the copyright holder or contributors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.

http://creativecommons.org/licenses/BSD/